{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue10;\red251\green2\blue7;
\red253\green128\blue8;\red102\green177\blue50;\red85\green142\blue40;\red33\green255\blue6;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c1680\c19835\c100000;\cssrgb\c99942\c98555\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;
\cssrgb\c100000\c57637\c0;\cssrgb\c46532\c73327\c25364;\cssrgb\c39975\c61335\c20601;\cssrgb\c0\c97680\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww50700\viewh25480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Options\
\
\cf2 Scene files\
There is a descriiption file for the scene.\
File ++\
Scene files are in XML, or following a proper stucture or hierachy. To make it simple it's not just a file with one information per line or basic blocs separated by justan emply line..\cf3 \
\cf0 \
\cf4 Ambiance light\
No objects is never really in the dark.\
\
Ambiance ++\
More points if the ambiance light can be managed from a configuration file.\cf0 \
\
Limited objects\
For this section give one point for each of thefollowing:\
\cf2 - It's possible to slice objects on the x,y,z axes.\cf0 \
\cf5 - It's possible to choose the slice from simple or really position (a cylinder can be sliced following its own axis or following a real axis\}\cf0 \
\cf5 - Rotations and translations still works after the slice.\cf0 \
\cf2 - The slice effect is unique to every object and not applied on all of them.\cf0 \
\cf2 - It's possible to slice the plane differently than on the axes (if you limit it on x and y, you'll get a square) like for example a triangle or a disc.\cf0 \
\
\
Disruptions\
One point per implemented disturbance:\
\cf2 - Normale disruption: using sine for example which gives a wave effect.\
- Color disruption: checkerboard for example.\cf0 \
\cf2 - Color disruption: a more complicated algo to disrupt the color.\cf0 \
\cf5 - Color disruption: a very complicated algo for example Perlin noise \{this one is worth 2 point expect if it's the only one implemented then don't count the last poini).\cf0 \
\
\cf4 Direct light\
We're blinded by light spot facing us.\
\
Parallel light\
A parallel light can light up the scene, following a precise direction. (Unlike a spot that will emit light to a precise point).\cf0 \
\
Reflection and transparancy\
One point per implemented option:\
\cf2 - Reflection works, there is a mirror effect.\cf0 \
\cf2 - It's possible to change the % of reflection (it's not all or nothing)\cf0 \
\cf5 - Transparancy work we can see through\cf0 \
\cf5 - The refraction index works \{if required check the Descartes formula in the code\}\cf0 \
\cf5 - It's possible to change the transparancy %.\cf0 \
\
Shadows and transparency\
\cf5 Is the shadow more or less darken if the object is transparent?\cf0 \
\
Textures\
For this section give one point for each of the following:\
-\cf2  It's possible to apply a texture on at least one of the 4 basic objects.\cf0 \
\cf2 - It's possible to apply a texture on the 4 basic objects.\cf0 \
\cf2 - It's possible to stretch (or the opposite) a texture on on object.\cf0 \
\cf2 - It's possible to shift a texture on an object.\cf0 \
- Another library than minilibX and its xpm was used to load texture (jpeg, png, ...).\
\
More texture applications\
One point per implemented option:\
\cf2 - A texture can be used to disrupt an object's normale (bump mapping roughly\}\cf0 \
\cf2 - A texture can be used to modify at some places of on object its transparancy.\cf0 \
\cf2 - A texture can be used to limit or slice on object.\cf0 \
\cf5 - A texture on o semi-transparant object serve as o slide and is projected on another object. (2 points)\cf0 \
\
Composed elements\
ltis possible to define a composed element using simple objects.\
\cf2 For example a cube can be made with 6 limited planes, a "glass" con be made with limited cone + cylinder + sphere.\cf0 \
\cf5 It's possible to put several time the some composed elements but ot different positions or orientations (if it's not the case, the composed element is useless...)\cf0 \
\
Negative objects\
It's possible to substract an object from another or deform an object with another one. For example:\
\cf6 - A negative sphere that will make a hole in a plane\cf0 \
\cf7 - A cylinder will deform another perpendicular cylinder to its core.\cf0 \
\
Simple native objects\
Everything that con be solved with a smaller or equal complexity than sphere/cylinder/cone (which are of second degree of complexity\} mostly paraboloid et hyperboloid. If at least one object of this nature this section is validated.\
\
\
Usual visual effects\
One point per implemented effect:\
\cf5 - Antialiasing\cf0 \
\cf2 - Cartoon effect\cf0 \
\cf2 - Motion blur\cf0 \
\cf2 - Sepia or any other color filter\cf0 \
\cf5 - Simple stereoscopy \{like red/green glasses)\cf0 \
\cf2 Exist other\cf0 \
\
Technical effects\
Here again one point per implemented effect:\
- Clustering rendering (computed on several computers) (2 points\}\
\cf2 - Multi thread computing\
- The rendering is really fast\
- It's possible inside the RT to save, screenshot the rendered image.\cf0 \
\
Environment\
5 possibility for 5 points:\
\cf5 - There is a summury interface: a graphic loading message, a progress bar, something more than just terminal messages.\cf0 \
\cf5 - There is a cool interface (made with gtk or QT) with configuration elements like file loading, render control, etc. \{if true also count for the first point\}\cf0 \
\cf2 - It's possible to interact with the scene live (comera or object position, colors or textures...) without rerunning the program.\cf0 \
\cf8 - It's possible to automatically render with modification between the rendering (no interface needed a serie of scripts can be used here\}.\cf0 \
- It's possible to automatically render objects for a scene for example a torus made of a serie of sphere, and helix made of spheres and cylinders...\
\
More options\
It's possible to make a lot of cool stuff with a RT.\
Exotic objects\
One point per implemented exotic object:\
\cf5 - Perforated cube\
- Table cloth\
- Torus\
- Random equation resolution from a configuration file (the GNU lib does it well\}\
- More (fractal objects, etc.) as much as implemented up to 5.\cf0 \
\
In bulk\
Here again one point per implemented option:\
\cf5 - Avideo made from your RT (share the love on the forum)\cf0 \
- Modelers files: it's possible to import pov or 3ds files (for example\}, and you can render them with your RT.\
- Using 3D TV technology or OculusRitt |\
- Infrequent spot: like a light bulb filament, the light source is infrequent and shadows don't have sharpness.\
\cf5 - Any other crazy stuff.\cf0 \
\
The Moebius ribbon\
A cool and well implemented Moebius ribbon I!\
Caustics and/or Global illumination\
That's super cool don't forget to share images on the forum and slack.\
The last.... and the least\
Is it beautiful? It's 100% subjective, but everyone has different tastes.}